Best friends
Best in the world
All the world
Best friends
Organized
Games
Production
Record
Line
án
Director
Assistant
They're all on the list
What's up. Hey, we're Cedar.
All the world
Paramount Town is now in session.
Best Girl
Oh, we got a biggie for you.
Well, let's start out with the biggest of all,
meaning the smallest of all,
because he's lost so much goddamn weight,
Spencer Crittenden, your game master, everybody.
Oh!
But the reason for the season,
let's bring out your mayor, Mr. Dan Harmon.
Oh!
Dan!
Hip, hip to the hop, yo!
Hip, hip to the rap, yo!
Hip, hip to the hip, hop, rap, yo!
Hip, my style, goin' to the rap, yo!
Oh, I got my big style, me!
I'm Mr. Blue jeans, I'm rappin'!
Okay.
Thanks for comin'!
Oh, yeah.
Thanks, guys, thanks.
Never gonna look at you, never gonna look at you.
We get an exciting guest tonight,
I can't wait to see him again.
I mean, I saw him, I just saw him.
Woo!
I don't wanna maintain that show biz thing,
where you're like, wow, did they just appear on stage?
No, I know who's here, and I just talked to him,
but I haven't seen him since I was on his podcast,
and it was a delightful chat.
I, we'll talk more about that later.
What do I have to talk about?
I, okay, so, all right, I'm not gonna play
No Man's Sky anymore.
Yay.
I'm back at the modded Minecraft,
and I accidentally one-click ordered a new gaming laptop,
and it runs great.
I love it.
I'm saying all these things with a lot of shame,
because I'm like, I don't know how to be happy.
I was in my car this morning,
and I was like, I was going through the audio books,
and I was like, I wanna listen to a book
about what I'm going through.
I was like, what am I going through?
What would your therapist say?
Coping with happiness.
Well, so it wasn't a big surprise
that that's not like a big book-selling market.
There's nothing, there's nothing.
So you're coping with happiness,
there's nothing, and you type happiness,
and then you get a couple hits that are like,
the advantage of happiness.
Why happiness is better than what you're going through?
How to get happiness and all this stuff,
and I'm like, well, none of these things are really for me.
I did, I did, I did, I got one that was like,
the happiness advantage,
because it's like, if a guy's talking about,
oh, it's good to be happy,
then that's pretty close to saying, oh, you're happy,
here's how you deal with it.
But it's not, because I stopped,
I paid 20 bucks for it, and then the guy was like,
I'm gonna tell you how happiness is better than you think.
Everyone thinks that if you succeed,
then you'll be happy.
First of all, that's not at all,
I don't buy into that.
It happens to be true in my case,
but I didn't, it was my path to happiness,
but I realized that that path is not,
so I'm like, okay, I succeeded, so I'm happy,
and then all the happiness books are like,
what's with this success thing?
And I'm like, well, everything.
So I can't hear the, but then I think about,
so then the guy's like,
I'm gonna tell you how it's good to be happy.
Chapter one, I applied for Harvard on a dare,
and I'm like, what the, what?
That's literally how the book starts,
that's the only thing I have to talk about.
I applied to Harvard on a dare,
how do you, don't you know people
are gonna be listening to your book?
They paid $20 for it.
No one that went to Harvard under any circumstances
paid $20 for a book on happiness.
Like most of the people had $40,
and were like, I'll take half of this,
and I'm gonna fucking let it roll.
Like, let's try it.
Something's gotta give,
like maybe the reason why this $40 isn't $80
is because I haven't spent $20.
It's the most wonderful time of the year.
Steve brought that out.
All right.
I got one, I got one, you guys.
I've been railing about,
you know about this war on Christmas.
Like, we talk about it a lot on here.
I think last week or something,
I was talking about what the Reese's Cups has been doing.
Oh, right, right, right.
But what about these, the newest salvo
in the war on Christmas is these new holiday-colored soda cans.
They got green ribbons on them.
The coax, they don't taste right
because they have a war on Christmas.
Oh.
They make them taste worse than normal Coke
to make people hate Christmas.
And then they put a green ribbon on it.
That's all.
Okay, who's Troll Air Dropping, man?
Oh, no.
Oh, boy.
This is a new thing.
What's your, what's your name, sir?
I'm like Atticus Finch, who are you?
Jebediah, you're better than this.
I actually, I kind of like that.
It's like the whole world is now a 70s single bar.
Like, we're like a Laverne shirt.
You guys don't know anything I'm talking about.
But there would be like phones on the tables.
Like the single scene would be like, hey, good looking.
I was on a plane and somebody started air dropping me.
Cause yeah, you, okay, so you saw my phone
and what's it called?
Well, the name is not a famous person's iPhone.
Nice.
Wait, wait, wait, Dan, Dan, Dan, let me hit pause here.
You can be on a plane and someone can find your phone.
If my Bluetooth is on, you can change your settings
to not available.
And the air drop, like they interrupt what you're hearing
or they just see it come up and go,
oh, so-and-so wants you to hear.
Maybe not what you're hearing, no.
It sends you a notification that there's a picture
or something like a photo.
Oh, I see, I got you.
I thought they were like gonna play you some music
or some shit.
No.
I mean, this would be, you can see how if you did this
while I was in my house, that would be a federal,
because it's just a photo of me.
When you're at a show, it's fun,
but this is exactly what rapists do.
10 times before they,
before they take it to the next level.
It's because it's a photo of me.
Am I driver's license is probably in it?
No, but yeah, I do, I like it.
But I remember I was on a plane
and somebody started sending me shit
and it was like random shit.
And then I started, I was sending him random shit.
I project this gender onto a person
who would fucking push their way into your phone.
I feel like if I had a guess
that it's like a dude on the plane,
and I started, I don't know if that's a thing
where people have photo wars in random places.
Do people do that just to random strangers?
Do you guys just send?
Always, yeah.
In the Starbucks.
What are you, I wanna ask you so many questions,
but then you're not mic'd and there's 50 of you, so.
It wouldn't make any sense.
Thank you for that photo of me.
Abed.
Oh, I declined it, I declined it on accident.
It's a habit, because I didn't wanna commit.
I should've saved it, it's a good photo.
I look very handsome.
Abed texted me a couple months ago
and he's like, these kids, I'm at this subway
and these kids keep airdropping me, these naked pictures.
I think they're trying to get me in trouble with the police.
And I was like, that sucks, man.
I don't know if they're trying to call the police.
The person on the airplane that they kept airdropping,
they were like memes.
They were like pictures of African-American people
looking horrible.
Yeah, racist memes.
They were like memes about Daylight Savings Time
that I couldn't even tell.
I was like, I'm not on Twitter anymore,
so I don't know if it was Daylight Savings Time,
like a slam on liberals.
Did we vote against Daylight Savings Time?
That sounds right.
I know, it was like random shit.
I was like, I think this person is racist and a virgin.
Like, that's all I could tell from the thing.
And I just kept sending them just pictures
of Henry Winkler and stuff.
So people can just send you photos to your phone.
Yeah, I want to be clear, just in case everybody's like,
what are you talking about?
You can easily, you can make your settings
so that you're not available to any of that mischievous.
I think I have that setting on right now.
Yeah, and you should.
And I know, I'm not like, god damn you,
technology, I could easily, there's a get off my lawn
button, so I'm not mad.
I just changed the name of my phone
to not a famous person's iPhone.
That's how you found it.
All right, I have nothing to offer.
Thank you for coming.
You have lots to offer.
You should be pumped.
It's Monday night.
I think it's the new Tuesday.
Oh, yeah.
Let's just bring out our old friend and chat with him,
because there's nothing I could offer you
that he can't amplify and double.
He's performed at clubs and colleges all across Utah.
He may or may not have recently been me tooed.
Let's find out.
I can't cheap up.
He got me freed.
He's the first white male to be me freed.
I think the third season of HBO's Crashing is coming out.
Dirty Clean premiere is on Saturday.
Oh, you get the real information.
Dirty Clean premiere is Saturday, December 15th on HBO
and season three of Crashing returns on Sunday, January 20.
Let's bring him out.
You know him.
You like him.
Pete Ho.
Yep.
The first guy to get me freed.
You're the first guy to get me freed.
I'm the first guy to get me freed.
How do I break it?
Harmontown.
Don't start a sing-song with me, you salty dog.
I'm a UCB-trained improviser, and I will join you in any bit,
no matter how salacious.
No matter how ill-timed and boring,
because, believe me, if you've really listened to the show,
you know, like, we could do 90 minutes of bad musical.
Could we?
Oh, yeah.
Calm and down.
I wouldn't start it that way.
Wait, Dan, that's the first rule of improv.
Whoa, whoa, he's not in the audience.
You are not UCB-trained, sir.
I wouldn't get sicked out.
All right, oh, no, let's start.
Oh, yeah.
Chigadingdingdingding.
Oh, good day, sir.
Hello.
Why, I haven't seen you in a fortnight.
Yes, you have.
I have?
Oh, let me get my spectacles.
Clarence.
Hey, Toby.
I didn't recognize you without my spectacles,
which you saw that I polished.
I'm sick of those spectacles.
Oh, my God.
I would like a pack of gum.
All right, we can go with either offer.
I know I put out two things.
Sorry, that wasn't...
That's not...
Sorry, sorry.
I liked both offerings.
I've never heard offerings.
What do you mean?
Oh, yay.
We have bubble table.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Oh, God.
Toby?
Toby, would you please come into my office?
Yes.
How many times have I told you not to argue with our customers?
Well, I'm sorry, but people keep getting angry for no reason
and then breaking character.
Well, stop it.
I'm just showing you how you do a windmill.
This is my area.
It's where I keep the gum.
I would like two packs.
I know you're usual.
Tidal wave.
Toby, thank you.
And bubble tape.
The funniest gums.
One, if you're laughing, you're 30.
The other, we can all enjoy.
Oh, wow, human feces.
I made them both.
Each of them has a story.
However, each of them will frighten.
I'm sorry.
Each little piece of poop you gave me has a story.
Yes.
And one of them scary.
Both are scary.
Tidal wave story.
No, that's the...
Okay.
Well, I...
I think we're done.
Okay.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
We'll do more later.
That was a great...
That's where the training really...
You're like, yeah, you know what?
What they would like is to stop doing this,
and that's the actual instinct.
Well, yeah, self-editing.
Yeah.
I thought maybe you would run across.
I tried to, but then I had the mic cord issues.
Yeah, no, the mic cord was difficult.
That's why improvisers don't tend to use them.
Yeah, but if we did it without microphones right now,
I think our podcast would suffer, or would it?
If we did the show without mics?
I like when things on podcasts happen,
or it's like, why are you out?
There's a moment.
Well, just for a moment, yeah.
Like when a stand-up is like,
and then my drunk aunt comes over,
and she's like, what the god damn it?
Yeah.
And you associate distant sound with loudness.
Yeah, distant sound with loudness.
Because otherwise the alternative is...
How about this, how about this?
Give me two mics.
I want an area mic, you guys.
Put your mic down.
I would just do one.
I have an area mic, so you're doing it.
I would just do...
Oh.
No, no, no.
You guys are going to do a scene.
I'm going to do like cedar area mic-ing,
and you're going to have to project...
You said area mic, sorry.
Because he doesn't know what that means, Pete.
Pete, you are a UCB trained improviser.
This guy doesn't know shit.
Yeah, come on.
I see you is what I'm saying.
Do we do...
Area.
Do we do a scene...
Yeah.
Just sitting, like a radio scene?
No, you walk around.
You want blocking?
Okay.
But how will the mics pick up that whole area?
It's an area mic.
Oh.
Hamburger.
Someone said no.
No.
Alright.
You guys have to be loud,
because I'm area mic-ing you right now.
No.
No care.
And then I kept telling him, also for the people listening,
I keep doing a whiff.
Yeah, there's like a whiff.
That joke's not going to work with them.
Well, you know what?
It's ad supported.
I am in a different scene than the one that we started in.
Oh, OK.
And I'm talking to you now as my therapist.
That's right.
And that's how I'm explaining to you what happened to me
when I was in the scene where I went into a store earlier.
Oh, you're the same character, but you're in a different place.
Yes.
Unless you, I'm like, look, I want you to take part in this too.
Yeah, no, no, I'm just a therapist.
I'm not also the guy that owns the gum store.
No, I can say if it's up to me, which it shouldn't be.
It's up to you.
But my opinion is that you're not, that you're a different character.
I'm a different guy.
That's why I made a white bee gesture.
Yeah, that's, and I have a beard of bees.
Oh, shit.
Wow.
I hope you're not allergic.
No, I mean, we had this conversation
when I agreed to go with you.
Be my patient, yeah.
But did you know I also have pubes of bees?
I always wondered.
And that's how I got me three.
I got me three showing my beard of bees pubes to you.
Now we know it works without mics too, yeah.
What do you think?
What do you think it works?
Like, in a totally grounded, like, your actual speculation
of in a world where the hashtag me three existed,
it would be actually like, what would the me three movement be?
Yeah, me three.
I don't like people when people call, you know,
there's number one.
Like, I go number one.
Right.
And that's a pee pee.
And then I'm explaining this in case there's someone
from Lithuania.
Yeah.
I know it's a very different system in Lithuania.
It's like, it must be nice to have numbers for a waste.
We go in and whatever happens, happens.
Sometimes number two is part P.
But a number two is a poo poo.
Everyone knows this.
But then some people get cued with it and they say,
I just did a number three, which means they did a poo poo
and a pee pee.
But who is doing a poo poo without a pee pee?
Right.
That was an emergency poo poo.
Well, when we were kids, we would have that.
What's a number three?
It would be like, oh, is that puke, burps?
Yeah.
Milk coming out of a booby?
That's a number seven.
Well, let me ask you this.
Is it about my lactation?
Because I told you not to bring that up.
It involves it.
If you push the button and then you pull the chain,
out comes chocolate choo-choo train?
Objection, leading the witness.
Yeah, exactly.
Jeff, please.
We're talking about lactation.
He's talking about milk, milk, lemonade.
Right.
So where is your fudge made?
Round the back.
Oh, OK.
Doesn't that throw off the meter?
Shouldn't it be around the corner?
I say around the back.
Really?
Yeah.
Milk, milk, lemonade, round the back.
Fudges made?
Corner?
What are you, a sex pistol?
Round the corner.
Angles on my hips?
It's round the back.
Milk, milk, lemonade, round the corner.
Fudge is made.
It's ionic pentameter.
Milk, lemonade, round the back.
Round the back.
Fudge is made.
It's like your cockney.
Round the back.
Fudge is made.
I'm going to fucking slam you with the.
It's like a cockney.
It's not a civilized expression.
It's a working class.
It's a cockney that brings up the back.
Biological education.
That's where you get the fudge.
It's the first draft.
By the way, welcome to the show, and do you want to talk
about who are you and what are you?
Who are you?
Well, I'm a cockney, Rhimes Smith.
And, well, I'm Pete.
I'm Pete Holmes.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
He has a podcast that I was on.
You were on a wonderful episode called You Made It Weird.
I told you backstage that my therapist who is known to my
audience.
Fear to be his callback.
Like, my therapist doesn't acknowledge, like, she's like,
she uses family guy references.
And then I'm like, you know, I have a cartoon
that you could reference.
And she's like, yeah, I tried to watch, you know.
I've come to realize that she's maybe not negging me,
but is like that she understands that if she ever
did cross that threshold that it would lower my opinion of her
as far as a person who's under my hood.
I see.
Which makes sense to me.
I get it.
Let's talk about that.
Wait, because you're big into all spiritual,
mental, physical well-being.
Yeah, sure.
Are you?
That was the best heckle?
No, our audience is mixing well.
I'm into therapy.
I have a therapist.
Does your therapist watch your show, HBO's Crashing?
Yeah, I hope so.
And then, well, what do you mean you hope so?
Because you're in therapy once a week.
And do you go in and go, it's like that one episode?
And do they go, yeah, I saw it.
Well, I don't want any spoilers for him.
I want to be free to talk about it.
Well, previously.
No, ruining it for him.
That's not real.
I'm asking a real question.
Does your therapist acknowledge the content
that you create in your therapy sessions?
Because with therapists, for me, I'm looking for surrogate dads.
So I want someone to say, I'm very proud of you, Peter.
You did a good job on that episode.
And if they, I just collect dads.
Like, I have a dad.
And he's great.
But I could use some more.
Like, no offense to my dad.
No, OK, yeah.
Let's get some more of that in here.
Like, my mom was so into me a little too much.
And then my dad was, you know, my dad
calls Judd Apatow Jeff Applebaum, which is fine.
I guess he doesn't need to know what it is that I do.
But then I hire other men that are around his age.
Who are like, so you talk to Judd Apatow,
and you're like, OK, this is like, I got my dad, but he knows.
Papa?
Yeah.
And then we hug, and it costs $42,000.
It's not really that much.
If you're thinking about going to therapy, go for it.
Most of you have been to a therapist, right?
Clap if you've been to a therapist.
Because my therapist said, this was a while ago,
my therapist at one point, I remember her saying to me,
yeah, I wanted to let you know that I was going on a road
trip, and I asked my friend to recommend some stuff
to listen to while I was driving for five hours.
And she gave me this list of things.
And on it was you talking to some Pete Holmes guy.
I was like, she didn't know either of us.
She was just like, you know, that to me, actually,
that's unhealthy or not.
You like that she popoos you.
That's give me more moms.
Yeah, like don't ever cross the threshold where you're like,
I saw it, I saw community.
You're brilliant.
Yeah.
And then it's like, well, so tell me what you're saying.
I don't like it when my gardener bitch is too much.
And then they're like, OK, interesting.
I loved community a little bit.
But now it's real.
I don't know.
Like it just feels like I would cross the threshold.
You want permission to be ugly, so you don't want to be up on it.
Yeah, and I like it.
I like that I like in air quotes, but I don't like it.
But because I complained about it, I'm like, this bitch,
all she got to do is watch the Rick and Morty.
Right.
But then I think about it and go, if she did,
and she was like, I did it, and I watched Rick and Morty.
Sit down.
Let's talk more about your feelings.
I think something would, I think there
would be a membrane cross that would like,
I think I wouldn't.
Well, you'd be her entertainment Santa Claus.
And you don't want to break her heart by being like,
I jerked off to a photo of my grandfather.
I think it's, I think I never thought about it in those terms,
but you want to be a new season.
I think I, well, to the people that watch the show.
Yeah, that's right.
Yeah, you don't want to mix the two.
Santa wants a Jewish therapist, is what I'm saying.
He wants to go and go, it's so nice to not have the pressure
to be so fucking married.
You know what I mean?
I just covelled for a while.
Yeah, Santa's therapist is Jewish.
Or, you know, none.
Yeah, no, it makes perfect sense.
I never, it was more about like, I actually
have a diseased part of me that thinks about,
it's the part of me that wants people to like me.
That makes me do things.
So, oh, everybody like me, everybody like me.
And then you think about it like, flip that piece,
and that idea of like, oh, that person likes me,
so I can put a pin in them, and I can focus on the world
that doesn't like me.
Yeah, move on to the other pieces.
Do you have a relationship with that concept?
Making people like me?
An addiction to it, a horrible, like, explosion.
Yeah, I used to be worse about being a people pleaser.
I think, is that, do you relate to that term?
Yeah, an approval addiction.
Yeah, and then I sort of started to get over it.
Therapy actually really helped with that.
Like, my mother came over, we just had a baby,
and the mom, the mom, the mom character, came over.
She's played by Irina Holmes, she fucking, she's perfect.
She comes over and she goes, we got you a,
we bought baby Lila, we got her a book.
It's an alphabet book, but it's cars, and I'm like,
like, wow, that sounds like fucking bullshit.
But thanks, and then she goes, but we left it
in a diner in Pasadena, could you go get it for us?
And we have a one month old baby,
and I'll just laugh in her face.
Not in a mean way, but in the nice way,
you can laugh in someone's face,
but I will say like, fucking no.
That's not a gift, that's an errand.
And I think there was a time pre-therapy
before I knew what a boundary was to just be like,
no mom, we're taking care of the baby.
I hear that you like the book and you want me to like you,
but we're not gonna drive to, and they made my brother do it.
I wonder how much that boundary comes out,
because it seems like, by and large,
I don't wanna make a generalization that is unfair
to anyone out there that needs to be arrested,
but it seems like having kids tends to bring the best
out of people, and God knows that's why probably
a lot of people have kids that shouldn't,
because they're like, you know what,
I've seen how this works, but it does kind of elevate you
in a way that is no conscious choice.
Your kid is two months old now.
Two months, yeah.
Like you're the closest astronaut we have to orbit,
if we don't have kids, it'll be like,
how much of this shit is real?
Does it come out and alter you?
Well, I will say that people say it makes you
understand your parents more.
No way.
Ah!
They're just like, it will make you,
you'll call your mom and be like, thank you so much.
I'm like, straight Chris Rock about it.
I'm like, yeah, you did what you were supposed to do.
You had a baby, fucking feed the baby.
I, maybe I'm in the minority,
or maybe you just are young and don't give a fuck.
That's what I've noticed, is nobody gives a shit
about your baby.
No one cares, especially in L.A.
Except for other baby people,
and they care too much.
I will say, it did ruin porn.
Go on.
Well, I tried to watch porn, she's a girl,
but it doesn't even matter, she's a baby,
as a person, and then you start thinking
about how all people were babies.
I'm not trying to, I'm not like anti-porn,
but it did ruin it.
Then I watched porn.
You think about body parts differently,
you think about breasts differently.
I'm glad you brought that up because I like it.
So I watch a lesbian scene and I'm like,
oh, she's got a good latch.
What?
Oh, what does that mean?
It's when a baby's breastfeeding,
it gets a good hookup.
Oh!
You know, like when Eric, Eric?
But like pornography,
pornography is weird because sex is to make a baby.
I'm not saying it can't be for pleasure,
but the point of it, evolutionarily, is to make a baby.
But you never see that in pornography.
That's weird.
Right, that would be a,
it's a time-consuming fetish to cater to.
That's right.
It involves all those time-lapse,
and that's like, I'm sure it will.
Check out Rocco Safredi and Chania Boobs a lot.
Like, there's more turnover with the women,
so I don't know.
Chania Boobs a lot.
And like, watch them, watch them raise a little adult.
I think that's one of the, not to be gross,
but I think that's one of the reasons why
the guy never, sorry, this is gross.
He never finishes in.
Right.
I think guys like that on a certain level,
you're like, that's hot, and very responsible.
Like you're kind of like, because like-
Well, I think it, I think, I think it,
I think it's the same thing,
but I think it's like psychologically men
that on a primal level,
you think of finishing in as
crossing a threshold into connection.
Choice.
Oh, that's true.
And everything being exterior comforts the primal male,
who's like, all I want to do is think about sex.
And that's like a big, the big celebration.
Cause what is, what is really sexy about the image?
You know, like everyone agree
that it's definitely something we project onto it.
It's not the Bellagio like,
phones that like doesn't look pretty.
But like, it's sort of, I think it like,
it's, we celebrate it as like-
Well, I think there's-
There, see, and I didn't clean my room.
I did the opposite.
Yeah, no, it's rebellious.
And you're also wasting it.
Yeah, I'm wasting it, I'm wasting it.
Yeah, that's, it's like, yeah.
I only watch porn where the guy comes into a wood chipper.
I just want to see that Fargo blast of steam.
He comes into it, dude.
Oh!
Oh! That's the only way I can come.
He comes into a tiny capsule
and it gets loaded into a rocket and shot
to a planet guaranteed to never make use of it.
That would make men like really happy.
I used to have a joke about it though.
It's weird that you never finish in the vagina.
And, but the point evolutionary is to make a baby.
That would be like inviting someone over to your house
to make a cake.
And you're like, you want to, you want to make a cake
on Saturday?
They're like, yeah, let's make a cake.
And then you get a, you come over on this cake day,
you get a big bowl and you put milk and cream
and eggs in the bowl and sugar and you whip it up
and you're like, we're making a fucking cake, aren't we?
And you're like, yeah, we're making a fucking cake.
And you preheat the oven, but at the last second
instead of putting it in the oven,
you just throw it in their face.
Just like, boom!
No cake today!
Look in the camera and say bang bros.
Look in that camera and say bang bros, baking edition.
And I think part of the perversion of the male mind
is like, and nobody's being a dad today.
Yeah, no, honestly, I mean, don't you think
that's really it?
No, the first time, my wife and I were trying
to have a baby and the first time you do it,
some guys love it.
Some guys who aren't trying to have a baby do it in there.
It was a first for me when I was trying
to get pregnant.
I'm incredibly privileged.
I've had a string of partners who are always doing
this extra shit for me that I don't,
the pill is a big deal for her.
But it's like, yeah.
Somebody said that.
Somebody went birth control, which I get,
but why not give it an assist?
You listen to them?
I listen to them sometimes.
That is going to lead to a, yeah.
But you have girlfriends that explain their history
with the pill.
I'll be absolutely confessional and be like,
there's so much entitlement there.
Because of my history of, I'm encountering female partners
and their history involves them being totally
used to taking a pill.
But then you meet, you have, then you go like,
oh yeah, well my period gets all fucked up
or I go through a lot of shit.
I don't know.
If men took the pill, it would be 99% of standup.
It would be, yeah.
That it's bullshit that we have to take the pill.
And it's like, my dick, it moves to the left now.
Used to go to the right.
I break out.
I forget to take it.
I panic.
Four of them are sugar, and I'm trying to do no sugar
right now.
No, it's fucking insane.
And my wife just had the baby.
And then she's like, we're talking about birth control.
Because you can get pregnant pretty much right away
afterwards.
And she was like, well, I can either take the pill
and have my hormones completely fucked, potentially.
Or we could become Amish, like another one comes right.
Yeah, exactly.
Or you can get an IUD, which, as I understand it,
is like a mouth harp that a hillbilly is just like,
Thank you for being politically correct.
Dang, dang, dang, y'all, you want this to stop the babies?
And then you have to like, apparently, you have to like,
get all your hand up there and put it in the pelvis.
And then it works.
And medicine is like, we don't even know why.
It's just a hillbilly's mouth harp.
Get it up in you.
We stopped changing the shape when people stopped
getting pregnant.
That's right.
For all we know, it's supposed to be shaped like.
Also, people got tired of fucking hearing
camptown racist.
I couldn't get it out clean.
That was excellent.
Dang, dang, dang, dang, dang, dang, dang.
Do the only song you can play.
There's three IUDs.
There's Tricky and the Straw.
There's Captain Races.
And there's, I think, a little brown jug.
But my point is, if there's a pill, Dan, I give you a pill
and you won't turn into a zombie if it bites you, right?
And then you go out to eat with a zombie
and he's going to bite you.
But you've had a nice time.
Wouldn't you just stop him from biting you?
Wait, no, wait, I want to access the metaphor.
I made so much more sense in my head.
What I'm saying is.
Let's take that from the top.
Take it from the top.
Finish.
I'm sorry.
There's a pill that makes you proved again.
What I'm saying is, why not pull out?
Yes, the pill works.
But wouldn't it work better if that stuff isn't even in there?
Right.
So there's a pill that the zombie bite won't make you a zombie.
But why not just be like, hey, don't fucking bite me
because we're having a great time tiddy fucking anyway.
You're saying we owe it to our partners
to pull out and come on them.
Yes.
We owe it to them.
Or just come into a wood chipper and fucking.
They should make little mini bedside wood chippers.
They do.
Petehomes.com.
The undominator.
I'm just saying, is it that much better to leave it in?
I don't think so.
Honestly, I have to say, it truly is.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
You didn't let me finish my sentence.
No, I have to say, it truly is a matter of laziness.
Like, absolutely.
Like, men would not.
I can't be pulling out all day long.
How do I lose the weight?
I'm doing the pull out method.
I'm using my eyes to take it slow.
Burns a lot of cows.
I will speak for myself and say, definitely,
if Cody being on the pill was also.
Are you really on the pill?
If she was like, also, it's only this and that effective
and it would be helpful to the couple if you also pulled out,
then I would pull out.
But I would use the excuse of, it's
like you get on a train and there's a bar car
and you're like, that means I should drink.
No one told you you should.
But you're like, no one's telling me I shouldn't.
And so leaving it in is like, that to me is like the line.
It's like, if anyone asked me to, I would.
I would call your lifestyle Golden Corral.
Like that should be on your business card.
Do you think there will ever be a million man march for me?
For you, I think it's on the way.
You're in the pill.
But what's that?
All right, so.
Pills in you.
So you've been at your profession for,
I'm not going to say a long time, that would be unsexy.
No, but it's been 20 years.
You're a fucking warrior.
You've been doing stand-up.
You gracefully, if not acrobatically,
plunged into the podcast medium.
You also survived then into the streaming thing
and your prestigious pay cable.
What's your secret?
I was kind of like, I thought I'd come up with a question.
And then I was like, what question would that be?
What's your secret?
Would really be the only question.
What is your secret?
No, but I don't know what my question would be.
I want to make that observation.
You're like, you're a survivor.
I will say, though, that it didn't, if it means anything
to the audience.
You have to lift with your legs.
I once drew a New Yorker cartoon.
It was two spiders.
And there were just circles with lots of legs coming out
of them.
And the caption was, lift with your legs,
not the one part of you that's not legs.
That was my problem when I was a cartoonist.
Every cartoon I handed them, I was like, that's fucking better
than everything you run.
Wait, did you submit?
It was better than everything you run.
Were you submitting as a contest entry?
No, no, I've been in the New Yorker four times.
And you've been in a New Yorker caption?
I know.
Nobody cares.
It's like my baby.
They care.
And I do, too.
Because I have friends who are obsessed with that.
And they'll like email, they'll forward emails and go,
guys, we got this.
Oh, the caption?
And I will sit there.
You know what's funny about it is they probably do.
I know the cartoon editor, the old cartoon editor.
And he told me that for the caption contest,
it's like 80% of the time people submit
what the caption was.
Oh, really?
Yeah, there's a correct answer.
Oh, they take the caption off?
Yes.
Oh, is it just a shitty cartoon?
It's not a shitty cartoon.
It's probably a more visual cartoon.
But they don't run the people that got it right.
They have to do the other one, right?
No, well, they have three finalists.
And one of them is definitely the one that was right.
Oh, really?
But every cartoon, as I've known, that's had it in there,
usually the winner is what they probably run.
God damn it.
This is a fucking revolution.
If anyone is listening.
I'm here to drop some upper middle class knowledge.
Do you own a beret or a turtleneck?
I'm ready to fucking blow your dick off, dude.
Do you remember Phil Ward, Dan, from LA Comedy Sports?
Yeah.
This is before New Yorker.
It's not before the New Yorker.
Look, we're all hooked at Phil Waradam.
OK.
Oh, man, if I was in the audience, I would have loved that.
There's a little Phil Waradam humor.
He's probably listening.
Now I feel bad.
I know.
Well, he just drew a two-panel comic strip that really
made me really laugh.
And it was in one panel, like reading left to right,
there was a pair of dice.
And the second panel was completely empty.
And the title said idioms explained.
And it said dice, no dice.
Fucking, I was like, that's fucking beautiful.
I like it OK.
I'll tell you.
But you didn't see how funny the dice were.
Yeah, that's true.
That's true.
What number were they on, 69?
How do you have a nine on a dice?
You've never played D&D, bro.
Oh, I'll tell you.
I thought it was a throw to you wanting to play D&D with us.
That's what you'd play?
No, that's what I had queued up there.
I like it.
My favorite cartoon that made me want to be a New Yorker
cartoon is Bruce Eric Kaplan, who's a Seinfeld
writer, great TV writer.
He was a guy.
It's very New Yorker, so we're not going to laugh.
We're going to laugh like this.
Like, don't move your face and swirl a branding.
We have a walk in fireplace like that sort of laugh.
A walk in fireplace?
I can clear it.
The height of class.
A walk in fireplace.
If you're not shit, if you don't have a walk in fireplace.
You mean your house is on fire.
And they're like, no, it never burns down.
That's the point.
We're bragging.
I have a walk in fire.
He says it's a man talking to it.
It's at a cocktail party.
He's talking to a skeleton.
Skeleton's not holding a drink or anything.
It's just standing like neutral.
And the guy is saying, so Helen tells me you're dead.
That's 10 out of 10.
That's as good as it gets.
I love that.
My favorite cartoon that I drew that they didn't buy
was an avocado.
And she had long eyelashes.
You could tell it was a lady avocado.
She was crying, talking to a male avocado.
And she's saying, what do you mean I'm the good kind of fat?
They didn't buy it.
That's fantastic.
Do you have any idea the creative rage I still feel?
I'm mad, too.
And I was born in Wisconsin.
And I have dirt still in my pants from the farm.
And I know a good New Yorker cartoon when I hear it was.
That's a good one.
You've done good.
But the ones that they bought, there was a guy in therapy
and he said, I think I accidentally
repressed my good memories.
That was the first one.
The second one was a dog real estate agent.
How do you draw that first off?
Well, it's like you, but a dog head.
Like it's a human.
No, no, no.
Who the fuck is that supposed to be?
Oh, OK.
A guy in a suit.
Yeah, yeah.
The part of you you'd be insulted is if I was like,
you're fucking face dog shit, that's the insult.
Like the bottom part of you, you're less sensitive about.
All right.
Human body suit, dog head.
I feel nothing from the neck down anyway.
And he's talking to a dog couple in front of a house
that says sold.
And he's saying, well, the down payment's cleared
and the paperwork is filed.
As soon as you pee on the lawn, the place is yours.
These are great.
I mean, we'll always got in.
I appreciate it.
Wait, but wait.
They weren't my best, though.
They were the four that they bought.
I want to know how do you break into that?
I love telling people this because it's hilarious.
The cartoon meeting, I love forecasting how things
I'm about to say will go.
I don't think it's like, ha, ha, hilarious.
People are like, you have something like that.
You're going to go like, what?
What's hilarious about it is that the cartoon meeting
at the New Yorkers at Tuesdays, I think it's at 11 AM,
and anyone can go.
That's what's hilarious.
Meaning anyone listening, anyone here,
go to the Condé Nast building, go up to the counter
with some cartoons and say, I'm here for the cartoon meeting.
Are you fucking kidding me?
What?
And that is my little revenge for not buying the avocado
cartoon.
What is the point of being the New Yorker?
Well, maybe that maximizes the point because it's
elitism because it's like, hey, they should say,
here's your New Yorker cartoon.
And then the subline should say, like,
built atop a mountain of poor people's skulls.
Of course.
Here's the cartoon that beat out everyone else that wanted
to poke a bear for a penny.
Here's what you'll enjoy.
Sorry.
No, go ahead.
What I think is interesting is, so you could go.
So the first week that I went, I think I submitted cartoons
for sure that are good enough to be in the magazine.
I'm sorry to say that, but I'm like, these are good enough.
The avocado one is fucking solid gold.
Solid as a rock.
But here's the thing.
That was off mic.
It must have been really loud.
Oh my god.
Let him out.
Get in there.
Clean your room, Jacob.
That is fun.
You're fun, Golden Corral.
All right.
I don't like the shift in status, but continue.
Regained by calling it out.
Yes, now I'm on top again.
I am the meta-alpha.
I love your meta-alpha.
Golden Corral is a compliment, though, right?
Yeah, he's just that.
I don't remember.
It kind of sounds like a fat joke.
I mean it that you live life and you eat and you're fat.
It was a good.
But good save.
No, no, no.
But I mean, at the buffet of life, you're getting second.
That's what I did.
You're the good kind of fat.
Oh!
All right.
That's why you're solid.
Everyone's dancing.
Solid as a rock.
Spanking.
And no loud changes.
Dancing.
Wow.
I too.
This just got written up on Splitsider.
I don't know.
Is there any room anymore for, could we ever make that?
Is there anything a comedy podcast could do these days that would actually like end up
in anyone's Apple news update with a headline that said, Pete Holmes just, like I said.
Nothing good.
The word just is.
Yeah.
And someone just did this and it was epic and you'll come your brain into your dick
nose.
Yeah, I know.
Just this, normally newspapers would just be like, a guy does a thing that you don't
care about.
So it's on page four and it's all part of, that's why it's called a paper.
And now everything is just like, just, just, someone just, this just, epic just.
This just happened.
Just, I can't, but you won't believe epic just.
But a lot of it is just like, like, Tom Hanks's uncle just decided he's a DJ and it's only
because actually that sounds, actually that's the bad example that is, that's great.
That is a headline that I would, that's perfect.
What I was going to say.
All right.
Yeah.
You were, I didn't interrupt you.
What I was going to say.
No, no, you didn't interrupt.
Go ahead.
You're great.
Keep talking.
I think, I think you'll think this is interesting from showbiz, showbiz perspective.
You could have the best cartoon in the world, the, a single panel cartoon, perfectly drawn,
perfect caption, funniest caption in the world.
You show it to anybody, any, 10 out of 10 people are going to shit their pants laughing
at this cartoon.
They won't buy it.
The New Yorker has enough cartoons to never buy a cartoon again and they could run for
50 years.
Shut up.
I'm going to get your backlog.
Wait.
So they don't want cartoons.
They want cartoonists.
So I said, I went in every day for six, every week for six months.
That's hundreds of cartoons before they bought one.
And that was even a Jack Ziegler rest in peace, one of the greats of the New Yorker put in
a good word for me because I'm that kind of guy that'll go up to somebody and be like,
hey, I'm new in town, help me.
I'm a John Mulaney spiritual.
I have a thousand questions.
I don't, do they buy them or do they not?
Are you saying?
No, they'll bank some of them.
They'll create an industry of everyone's always auditioning.
So their supply never runs out and they don't have to pay for it.
That's what you're saying.
No, no, no.
It's like wire image.
There's a bank of all these photos and if they want to use one eventually.
But they do pay for it.
They pay when they use them or they pay them?
No, they buy it and then they own it.
And for the most part, they run them.
But like, let's say you're an on salary cartoonist.
You give me 300 cartoons, maybe we run 250 of them.
Every year, we're getting 50 of your cartoons on the backlog and that's been happening since
like 1909 when the magazine.
Okay.
So when all the cartoons were like, racist with the New Yorker was like, but you said
you have like four cartoons published.
Yeah.
And they published all of them.
So are you bragging?
No, no, no.
Because you didn't have to do like five, I think it's more of the salary guys that might
get archived.
But they have these meetings.
I'm sorry.
I'm asking so many questions about this.
It's a podcast.
What is this?
A podcast?
It's just like, Pete Holmes just redefined podcast.
This meeting that you're describing where they go like they open the doors and you're
like, you could go to Condé Nast and you show up and the people like come in and trench
coats with like these books and go like, well, here's a guy fishing for a shark, but it's
like Wall Street and like, right.
Like is everyone just showing cartoons and some of them have like doves on their shoulders
and.
Well, you're picturing it not entirely wrong.
Actually, there's a lot of like Connecticut train weirdos.
I don't know why I said doves pigeons is Connecticut.
Connecticut will take anything.
I said, I said Connecticut train weirdos and he went now, Pete, did you ever want to be
like a syndicated comic strip guy like like have a syndicated thing across like major
papers across.
Oh yeah, Calvin and Hobbes was a game change.
Let's do it.
Let's do a podcast first.
Calvin provides a three panel comic strip.
Okay.
But is it like a funny or is it a slice of life?
Well, it's probably going to be the latter slice of because we have to so let's get let's
get a title.
The title is good and butter good and butter good and butter.
All right.
It's because it's a husband and well, you can't say the name of it.
Didn't tell me what it means.
Oh, well, no.
Okay.
I didn't I didn't mean I was I thought, okay, all right.
I didn't mean to slap.
No, no, no.
Let's find out why it's called good.
But we're doing the panel.
Hang on.
Am I the third panel?
Are you guys going to do?
I thought we explained what's in each panel.
Oh, no, no, no, here's the here's the rules to this new improv game that I made that if
anybody uses they owe me money.
That's how improv is.
That's how they all made their millions because it goes from I'm rich off inventing freeze
tech.
It goes from audience left to audience right.
By the time you run out of stage space, you're out of comic panel, right?
You get to do one line.
And then if there's someone you're talking to, you do a line.
And so it's like hieroglyphic.
There's no so so I say like, I get it.
Hey, I'm almost done with that lawnmower, right?
And then I would be like, well, it took you all day to mow the damn grass.
And then you and then you'd like draw a line and then now it's on me.
This is panel two now.
That's the tough part.
Let's workshop that later.
And then I'd go, listen, I've been noticing that you want me to work faster when I use
your property.
Are you telling the truth?
It's a way and then it's a way I am in the Trump administration that you don't and you
don't have to do anything.
Then we did it.
We did it.
I don't know.
All right.
No.
I liked it.
Yeah.
Otherwise it'd be hanging.
You have to dry, right?
If I was like, you tell me and then you'd be like, what the fuck am I going to say you're
telling Fertilizer?
Oh.
All right.
Well, no, no, no, it wasn't good, but I had a backup plan like pulling out when you're
on the pill.
Yeah.
That that was early good and butter, but do some of my favorite ones do some of my my
classic classic.
Can I ask a podcast question?
Yeah.
Is there usually this much improv?
It depends.
Come out talking shit about your UCB training.
No, we should we should get to the scripted part of the show.
You're right.
So Pete, I hear Blue Apron is the secret to your comedic success.
Is that your sponsor?
Oh, yeah.
We love the caramelized pearl onions with peas cabbage.
Did season three of crashing go so much good because you like the way you like them?
Like the way people order Blue Apron?
Well, what we do on crashing is we write a script and then we wrap it in that sounds
great.
Is it true they can get a discount if they use the code Pete Holmes dot Blue Apron dot
slash.
I don't think that'll do anything.
Oh, yeah.
No, that sounds that sounds like it'll it'll take your web browser to something.
Blue Apron, eat your guilt about all that packaging away.
Feel free to edit that out.
I know what it's like having sponsored.
Here's a real question.
I wanted to ask you because you just had a two year old two month old to me.
To me, babies are no younger than two years old.
You just had a two year old.
You're picturing it, right?
You have a two month old.
Yeah.
Two months.
Fresh fresh as the fucking morning bread.
Where was she?
You're like, but I assume I haven't watched your show.
It sounds from the description that it's probably every television show ever made in
that it's not you.
Is it you doing stand up and it's it's the Mindy project, but you're a white dude.
I'm just making a guess.
We please put that on the DVD box like the Mindy project, but I'm a white dude and he's
not a doctor.
I also can't quite figure it out.
Let me rephrase that.
Is your show about a single dude finding life and love in a coastal city?
Or is it your show about a dude who's already married and in either case, I have another
question.
Yeah.
It was like disturbing how you kind of summarized all of TV just then because it's fair.
No, it's a guy who was married.
It's based on me.
I was married.
When I was 28, my wife had an affair with a small Italian man named Rocco, which is a
name you said earlier.
Rocco Safridi.
Yeah.
As a porno name.
And big boobs, booby boobs or whatever.
Yeah.
Cause I didn't cause the turnover rate with.
It was something.
Something boobs a lot.
I know that.
Let's go all the way back round the corner.
Fudge is made by me three.
Okay.
Your first wife left you for a fellow named Rocco.
Yeah.
Rocco.
Nice guy actually.
I'm not just saying that.
He was a really sweet guy.
I really like him.
So the show is kind of a flashback to a portrait of you.
Yes.
And you were single.
You know, it's funny.
A lot of TV and movies start with an affair.
Our pilot has an affair, but I mean, you know, we talked about Joey Kams, Joseph Campbell.
We need that inciting thing and in my case, my life really had that thing.
I was in the shallow end of comedy.
My wife leaves everything that I knew fell away and then I was like sort of forced into
the deep end and the concede is there are all these Obi-Wan type characters like Artie
Lang, Bill Burr, Sarah Silverman that sort of shepherd me and teach me because they think
it's sweet.
A lot of people thought I was like a sweetie and they were like, isn't it, look at this
musical and he's religious and he's sweeter than the scene, we're going to help him out.
That actually happened quite a bit.
And so it's kind of like, but you're currently, you're partners with this person and now you've
created a life as of two months ago.
My question has to do with having a successful show that's going to keep on running and now
as creators, our big fantasy is like, write what you know, write what you know and then
you create this thing and it's like, it's about us and it's about me and all this stuff.
My question is always, how do you cope with that three seasons into it when you're now
coming home to a California king's eyes bed with a person who is like, what is the relationship
between you and your partner with the show?
When the show is about you, is it about, it's about you being single, right?
The show.
The show is not about you being married, the show is about you dating, right?
I'm asking because I don't know.
I feel like...
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Golden corral, take it easy.
I'm confirming that first of all.
And then my question is like, does that cause, is it like, how does that work?
I think I hear you.
My show, my wife, my new wife, but Valerie, we've been married for almost a year now.
We've been together for over five, six years and we have the baby and I'm currently making
a show reenacting my old marriage.
And then also the girl, the woman who's one of our best friends as a couple, Jamie Lee,
who plays my girlfriend on the show is actually my ex-girlfriend.
So when we talk about how spectacular and loving Valerie is, it's not that I'm just
like making believe of the past with actors, I'm actually making believe of the past with
my ex-girlfriend.
So she's tremendous.
She's actually winning an Emmy this year, the support of wife Emmy.
Is that what you meant?
I kind of, but now I have eight more questions because like, wait, did you, is your ex-girlfriend...
Did that, do you think that answered his question?
No, because didn't you...
He didn't act like you were clear on his question.
I listened to people for a living and that was like a tour through a Walmart that sold
words, but there was an earthquake.
I want to separate it from like, if I wanted to be like a thoughtful interviewer, I would
have watched the show and be like, no, but what do you think?
Don't feel that way.
I'm saying as a creator who I assume, like you're doing a show, is the character named
Pete?
So is he a stand-up?
So that's my question is like, we all do that.
We tell...
Does he jerk off to his grandpa?
That was him.
Okay.
And my question, I think you kind of, you could talk about this for more is like...
The more you drink, the more you sound like Robert Crumb.
You can talk about this for a lot of comics.
Is that, just that general area, I don't have the smart question about it because I haven't
seen the show or...
You're doing wonderful.
You can ask me anything.
We're friends.
Don't patronize me.
I'm a good interviewer.
You're doing great.
It's just curious about your personal and if I'm prying, then you just go, don't pry,
but having a partner in your life, and you go, like, I've known, it's like 50 comics
who like every, so it's like my show is called Franklin.
What's the show about?
Well, it's about the fact that I'm Franklin and their name is Franklin.
And it's like, well, it's about growing up in the Bronx and being married to something.
And it's like, well, okay, so a lot of that is obviously based on the things you talked
about in your act, and therefore now that's based on your life, and that's my curiosity
is these conversations that have to happen when you come home from work or you watch
something together and the challenges that your partner goes through where they're like,
is that about me, or is that about your cousin Amy, or what's going on here?
Or is that real?
Yeah.
Did that happen?
Do you feel that way?
Yeah, I suppose the whole process, if I'm hearing you correctly, Pete, it was a yes
or no question.
All right.
Well.
I feel like I could answer in the style in which I was asked.
You know, when you're making a show like this that is oftentimes autobiographical, but not
without its fiction, you know, you take deviations into different roads and the roads become
avenues and some of them become cul-de-sacs and send you back the way you came.
But when you're looking over that hill and there's somebody like your partner and they're
wondering, is this like, is this something we watch together?
Is this something like the Sopranos where we cook a meal and eat the meal and we watch
it?
Or is it more like a theme show or a barbecue kind of night off of nudity?
And why do you keep coming in this wood chipper?
That's the best impression of me that I've always wanted.
I'm like, James Adomian, will you ever do an impression of me?
It's like, no, I would never dirty my hands with that.
That was the first impression I would have made of me, and that was fantastic.
Is that right?
Somebody sent me a clip of someone, was it you?
It's fine if it was, doing an impression of me on this podcast.
I don't think so.
Any die-hard fans remember that?
If I did an impression of you, it would be like, I'm a great guy.
It was very sweet, actually.
It was somebody...
Do you want a vegan cookie?
I have a show on HBO.
Hey, it's me.
It's me.
I'm Pete Holmes.
If I don't seem very dimensionalized, it might be because you have clinical narcissism.
Maybe you don't see anybody as so human.
Oh, that's so fun.
Maybe everyone's a color for him, do you?
That is brutally honest.
The first time I met you, I think, we were doing Douglas movies at the UCB, and it was
me, you, and Bill Burr.
And I'd never met you.
That's my Bill Burr impression.
That's really good.
No, no, I'm serious.
I don't watch any current movies.
My knowledge of movies is way old, so I'm not going to be good at it.
And Doug is smoking weed in the back, of course.
Suspend your disbelief for that part.
And I sit down and I meet Bill Burr.
I'm like, oh, hey, Bill.
And he goes, I'm Jeff.
He goes, hey, how's it going?
And I go, he goes, hey, Jeff, we're doing a show at Pete Holmes, so you and I are never
going to talk.
And that's about right.
But the thing was, it was the best thing in the world, because I don't know anything about
movies, like what's currently in theaters.
Me either do I.
But you just got up and just completely dominated the whole thing.
I don't want to get to the game.
Me neither.
Yeah.
But you took me, I didn't have to play the game, and my gift to the audience member
was a flask full of really nice whiskey, and that was my offer to whoever voted for
me at the end of the thing.
Oh, that's fine.
While you were talking.
Did they get to keep the flask?
No, because while you were talking, Bill and I just opened it up and drank the entire
thing.
Yeah.
I remember that.
I got a little drunk that show too, and afterwards Bill went, yeah, you had a little too much
Jesus juice.
That's what he said.
Yeah.
I call that a threshold guardian.
That's what Joseph Campbell would call it.
Wait, did you call him Joey Camps earlier?
Joey Camps.
Yeah, Joey Camps.
Yeah.
Joey Camps.
Change my life, Joey Camps.
That's what we had the chat about.
I prefer my Pete Holmes.
I don't think you talk too much at all.
I think you talk just enough.
That's very sweet.
And when I do Doug Loves movies, kind of like what you were actually asking me about crashing,
I think.
There is a depersonalizing element of you become like, that's TV me, and this is me, me.
Similarly on Doug Loves movies, that's Doug Loves movies me.
We all have these different modes.
There's Thanksgiving you, there's a loan on the subway you, there's drunk at a party
you.
In fact, maybe you'll relate to this.
One of the reasons I don't like going to parties and getting stoned or whatever is because
I'm not that crazy about my personality.
I love it, don't get me wrong, but I'll also come home and I'll be like, I told too many
stories.
Right.
Or maybe you joke off who you are, right?
I'll just say to Valence, this is why I like to keep it at home.
Yeah.
Dan and I, we've been doing this podcast for four million episodes and we've told the
same seven stories a hundred thousand times.
For sure, yeah.
Yeah.
Well, that's why, you know, good entertainer.
Good to know when to, but bad at a party.
No, but we don't.
You would have thought we would have learned that a long time ago.
I keep telling the same five.
No, we always forget right when we should, right when we're about to repeat the first
story.
We forget.
No, I understand that.
I sometimes worry on my podcast because we've done, I don't know, almost 400 episodes.
There's anyone listening?
I mean, you could give me, you could give me feedback.
I won't take it personally.
Do you go like, he's going to tell them.
He's about to do that story.
Right?
I mean, I do too.
I'm also there and I'm like, wow, it's like AI could make me from the podcast.
You know what I mean?
If you say this, he's going to say that.
This is, let's talk about that.
That's what I'm here.
That's what you just said about the party thing, like go to, like, why would I go to
a party and then you sit there and like, who are you?
Like, just.
Which you.
Do you constantly wonder that and do quote unquote normal people constantly wonder that
I keep playing a Hail Mary where I think I'm pretty sure quote unquote normal people,
AKA the people listening.
Although don't be so sure.
I used to be exclusionary in my language and I was like comedians are like this or creative
people are like this.
Now I'm sure most of these people here can relate to this feeling.
I just said that and you're high-roading me.
I made that exception and I'm like, I'm saying like, I think that Pete, I'm hearing, I'm
listening.
Well, I'm unclear.
Deal with it.
That's the point of the show.
I'm unclear.
That is beautiful.
You can be unclear.
It's not beautiful.
No, no, God damn your UCB training.
No, but that that was what I was trying to express.
Is that like, like, oh, I look like God damn it.
No, I can't.
Now I keep hearing your impression of me and I'm afraid to start, but but but God damn
it.
Yeah.
No, I do most people wonder who they are.
Do you think like regular jokes?
Does everyone basically essentially not know who they are?
I don't think so.
I think that's a no.
They don't or yes, they know they don't.
I wonder.
I have some friends where I'm just like, no, that guy's just fucking like, I'm Ted.
And he knows.
And we love.
And we love Ted.
Ted dies in a skiing accident.
And then everyone's like, like there are good teds and bad teds like Ted Bundy.
And then Ted, the stuff that was a good ten, like, like, like, sometimes it's like, oh,
that's why Ted, like shot that kid.
I like it just feels like they just kind of switch automatically where if we got to go
wait a second.
I'm going into a mall.
Okay, mall got it.
It's very basic.
Other people just do it.
They're like, yeah, I'm Ted.
Here we go.
Ted in the mall.
Like it.
Yeah, I love that every once in a while.
Sleepy Martin star.
Yeah, that's very flatter.
It is.
Because it means you how much weight you've lost.
Oh man.
Yeah, you agree.
I would say like homeless fat guy from Game of Thrones or homeless fat guy from Lost.
I mean Martin star.
Jesus Christ.
All of that way.
That's a man.
That's a thin man.
He's actually here.
Spencer.
So you're saying.
I think we can probably all relate to that.
Like if you're going, okay, I'm going into a Fourth of July party.
I got to be Fourth of July party Spencer.
Well, that's what I thought he was mentioning is that it's like, oh yeah, we're different
people in different situations, you know, we kind of we act differently depending on
who we're around and isn't Dan saying though underneath that we're going, but who am I
really?
Right?
Yeah.
I don't think Ted is going.
But who's Ted?
Really?
Yes.
That's yeah.
There are some people who are like, well, one thing.
I know sure.
I'm Ted.
I know these people.
We all do around the time we hear these people are going, we wish you a Merry Christmas.
We wish you a Merry Christmas and they're just like, they're just in they don't they
don't think how does this look they're just like now bring a stuff to keep holding there
in but but but but but some of the people doing that are are are us yeah and are going
to America and they're and they're like fucking I would lose Ted would like me.
Like that's what complicate is like I think I think every double down I like I don't
actually know Ted's are like a calming influence right now I can then I don't I don't know
I actually prefer they're like just be a little bit racist.
I think I think it helps.
I think everything it keeps the braces out it helps on the road who do you keep an extra
eye on it keeps too many races from happening if you're a little bit racist oh my god there
are probably people that are like being racist keeps too many races from happening.
What are you going to do be all these super race racer because if like a seven times
removed like this person as it yeah I yeah we're all I know is I wake up on a bed.
I don't want it to change then I go to work if anyone tries to change my bed fuck them
like yeah it's like they're like right we we call them ribosomes in biological yeah
right they're like they maintain like they read the DNA I actually think that's brilliant
I often think of people in terms of cells because we're all just kind of doing what
cells do anyway like I'm just like one of those loud cells that's like floating around
just going like can I bond with you yeah like and don't you think I don't you think on a
playground without a Ted yeah be cancer yes yeah I need a Ted and then I'd be like whatever
you say that's right I've got an HBO show president like we wouldn't know when to stop
but yeah heads go like what's with your shoes I heard those shoes aren't right yeah I'm
we're like fucking Ted's some Ted's like the white blood cells I just fucking regulate
I don't know what they are Ted's are like we got a nose to make Ted's Ted's gotta wake
up make that bed Ted's are mitigators that yeah it's some Ted's like like Joey cams
says that mythology has a dual function what one part of it is to teach kids to dream bigger
and one part is to dream smaller like it basically is but it's like taking adolescence and natural
anger their natural like desire to eat the fathers of the tribe and to direct it outward
yeah what you do with like Star Wars movies and you go who what hey what you turn in 13
you thinking that maybe if you cut my head off you could be in charge of everything what
a crazy feeling you know Luke Skywalker felt like that but then he learned that Darth Vader
lives in a spaceship help me make these weapons yeah that that's a big part of mythology and
a tribal level is like directing anger outward like get it get this radiation out of the
power so it doesn't melt down and then the but then the other totally contradictory
part is you're trying to actually make people proud of themselves you're trying to tell
people don't let the shielding around this nuclear power plant close us in and and so
you're encouraging radiation while trying to figure out how to get out into the world
a healthy steam release you know I'll tell you something beautiful I this whole time
I was trying to remember who said it but unfortunately I can't remember his name but it's a Joseph
Campbell scholar who's talking about there's all these like teen suicides and he's like
what people need to realize is instead of like walking on a bridge and jumping off they
need to realize what part of them needs to die that they might continue to the other
side well the whole thing otherwise they wouldn't well that says that's what a suit but mythology
addresses youth angst and rage and anger and saying yeah fucking a you're right part of
you is going to die and part of you is going to be killed by you that's what all young
men yeah like when there's another part of you that goes forward and that's that's sometimes
missing especially from American stories that sometimes we're missing that second part yeah
if you create a societal mechanism that says to kids you're either going to be a doctor
a lawyer or a thief and they don't want to be any of the three they're gonna you're gonna
have a higher suicide rate than if you say to a kid here are some things that people
have been doctors and lawyers and thieves however yeah also you could be a wizard you
could and part of you can be a wizard yeah I'm not even joking be a night or a wizard
or a skywalker of either yeah or a neo all right you guys getting these references can
you choose to be a neo though doesn't neo kind of get thrust upon you was neo really the
one google it what is that I always see I would see that headline and never click on
it like the reddit thing where I like have explained yeah I'm always like why I totally
accept that maybe he isn't yeah okay well you see there is a second layer to the matrix
that's designed for you to think you've escaped from the matrix and think that you're the
one and save in the day but that's just part of the matrix wait no is that in the
matrix though because that there's so many more matrix series that are more interesting
than the matrix right and that sounds like one of those well well he uses powers presumably
once when he's technically out of the matrix and people are like yeah how could that yeah
people are like well how could that happen unless they're in the matrix and then that
conspiracy theory yeah I think that's where that whole but they never answered that question
the second movie ends with why does he have powers in the in the real world and then the
third one when he just does right and that is the most disappointing I wrote my I don't
write fan fiction but I had this I had this whole ending what was I was laughing I don't
like fan figure what what was that I was I was enjoying the idea of a different me that
writes fan fiction like it's a simpler life by candlelight but I had this whole thing
where like I wanted I wanted Neo to be fighting agent Smith who they say is actually the one
right to unplug himself like that's enlightenment agent Smith no no I wanted Neo to be in in
his inescapable position right where he needs to save Trinity or whoever but he's blocked
in and he can't get out so he realizes that he's just an assimilation and Neo in the real
world unplugs himself plugs himself back in in a new place and saves the day that seemed
like a good model of enlightenment they're always just like in the first are you saying
in the first movie in the third movie oh the third movie well that's what I'm saying I'm
trying to well yeah I know yeah I'm trying I'm saying like you're fixin a fucking duck
hunt that went from the marsh to the parking lot of a like I I'm like I watched all three
of them and I was like and the third one I'm like what the fuck what yeah that's why the
Pete Holmes fan fiction version yeah no I mean when he comes back he's in white why do people
think that it I honestly like I remember like he goes like awesome why do people think agent
Smith is actually the one because he's the one that gets the matrix shut down well because
the real ending was so bad they were like well this can't be what it was we have to have
been missing something what if agent Smith is the one then it's great yeah that's where
all this stuff comes from it's like truly it all grows out of the ending being unsatisfying
I say this with a lot of love it feels like some pastor is trying to like breathe life
into the Old Testament yeah they're like it is cool you guys yeah it kind of it it reminds
me I've not to get political but the smart oh boy favorite smocking tweet of the I'm not
on Twitter so when I hear about something it means that it was fucking radioactive like
I'm like did the president say smocking it radiated out to me and then I was like I'm
not on Twitter I'm gonna go on Twitter because I want to find I want to find the guy with
the most followers who tried to make hay out of this sunshine and I that guy who was like
hey he's mocking you for believing in needing a smoking gun like hello I love that anyway
that is creative thinking but yeah like the mythology creating like you it's it's it's
the human storytelling it's apologetics yeah yeah no it is apologetics thank you Martin
thank you hello Democrats he's smocking you the jokes on you it's it's not a story about
a targeted AI voting systems combined with smartphones resulting in a half literate president
that's not what this is about he's smocking you it's all a code I like that I like it when
people are like I genuinely non-ironically like it when people are like so into something
that they're like was that person being ironic or being no well I mean they're apologetics
but they're lying they're to themselves into they weren't doing a bit they were being sincere
in their own they'll say that they were doing a bit in their memoirs for years from now
I'm sure some of you love Phantom Menace right I'm not even joking I'm sure some of you found
away Star Wars matters enough to you right right right that you're like no you need to
see it a few times like I didn't like the last Jedi and most people that did were like you
need to see it twice and I was like I'm not that all in it's like like I'm a one you
get one try mr. Lucas I got I got fired from community at season four and then I the last
time I ever googled myself was like I can't wait to see how these people like they are
gonna miss me and I like googled my name like Dan Harmon season four community and it was
like community just got better essentially but it was worse than that actually because
that would be such an inversion that I would be like oh I'm Jonathan Swift and you're all
the laputians it was like not that satisfying it was more relativistic it was like welcome
to the fact that everything you ever held valuable was a lie because it was like oh I'm
fishing for this Marlin and what you catch isn't the opposite of a Marlin what you catch
is a Marlin boot like you catch it was just like people going like hey let's give it a
chance at least that fucking piece of shit is gone and maybe maybe this season sucks
but doesn't all TV suck and was season three even that good and I was like it was the truth
that I didn't want it burnt like like that burns it hurts holy water shouldn't be burning
you know it shouldn't be burning you that's a bad sign just water you I mean you're that's
your privilege you can call it just regular water but it burns me it's a microaggression
for you to call it a non devil privilege check your non devil privilege man what what what
hurts you like like like here's our new segment in Harmon Chowkow what hurts Pete Holm are
you are you happy Pete Holms are you coping with happiness or are you are you living
in terror of shut your fucking phone off are you living in terror of like are you are you
addicted to worrying are you just happy I go through peaks and valleys just like everybody
I would say I'm content that I can find I I'm happy to report that I can find a way
I found a way that even when I am depressed there's a part of me that can sort of embrace
the snowed in cozy quality of a sad period if that makes sense can we try like a simulation
I'm gonna try to see okay this is the season four I'm gonna be HBO I'm gonna call you yeah
all right hello do you guys want area mics in this one or not hello Pete that was funny
Pete it's HBO oh hey HBO how are you we got we got Susan we got Michael we got Damien
we got Liz leopard we got Liz Balm we got left left left left I'm from marketing we
got Toby we got Timothy we got Tom nom hi everyone okay going left from right the pronouns are
he she they he she he slash whatever you want they say that now I'm kidding that's not I'm
not lumping that in that's not fair wait is the bit over wait sorry what what so I was
I was just wondering we're all here I kept sorry you're breaking up okay okay so listen
why god love the season love the characters love the stars oh my god we're over here I
was just telling Damien from marketing I'm like I was just in the farthest market I'm
like trying to buy peaches and the guy won't stop talking about Pete Holmes he's like am
I I'm like can I get this peach and he's like is this did you say Pete farmers farmers
marketing sharing it with you sorry you're breaking up you're breaking up oh sorry yeah
this is Tom nom I got to cut out for one meeting okay now it's fine that's fine he's
gonna go who's gonna go he's gonna go he's going to Aspen okay he's gonna go so Pete
Pete are you there yeah sorry you're breaking up so we want to tell you we just got off
the phone with everybody in HBO and Universal we just want more crashing but we just want
to so we just want to get on the same page to talk to you about some thoughts just say
so the character of Pete like I don't want to talk I never talk about anything I never
say anything I just go with whatever you want as having lunch with somebody yesterday and
they said I said I love I love crashing it's like someone put the alphabet in a so I can't
hear you're breaking up are you ready to do season four of crash are you gonna tell me
it's not happening and then I'm supposed to be I don't God if they would ever tell you
that sorry can I cut this this is Toby Tom nom just died in the car crash oh we liked
him Tom nom okay well Pete sounds like Tom nom died no no I can't even remember what I
was there was a thing there was a thing behind my bit that was like I want I wanted to actually
like I wanted to Tom is dead you guys I can't remember what my actual thing well him dying
makes me sad yet there's a part of me that is appreciating just what it's like to sometimes
be sad yeah oh well no I think it was just like a certain like I know this is exaggeration
but if I like listen Pete HPO we fell back into the bit yeah like I well I remember what
my point was Tom's num Tom num's body is still warm you guys Pete we love Pete are you there
Pete it's me Marsha I own everything Pete are you there I'm breaking up but but but
my question is like what if they is there's something because we're talking about happiness
I'm saying could anything rattle you could anything make you upset oh yeah I get rattled
for sure well then what then what do you do um I mean it sounds glib but I really do try
to enjoy everything sometimes I'll say to Valerie like I'm just being angry for fun like oh
like I want to let her know that I haven't like lost control or something but it's fun
to like rant or talk about he didn't get what you wanted or how sad you are how hurt you
are what somebody owed you you know all this like fucking drama playing a character yeah
it is and it sounds a little glib but I do try to look at it like a character I'm like
look at fucking Pete doing his Pete thing I wonder if Pete will ever get out of this
Joseph Campbell talks about that he talks about like the idea of having one foot in
and one foot out well that's that's a it is a very spiritual idea meaning it shows up
in all of the myths like you're a rodeo clown you're like like oh look at me like I think
everybody you know some of this is in addressed in my special dirty clean which airs this
Saturday but I thank you I do think we all relate to the idea of like kind of being
behind our eyeballs like being consciousness and we know that but then this consciousness
is sort of stuck in this in these molecules stuck in the shape of a human body and everybody's
always looking at you and going like hey there's a man and you go like oh man and and you sort
of like you know this is an Alan Watts line he's like you're behind your eyeballs and
the rest just dangles sort of dangles down here and like this is a Pete Holmes line
and you go like I want that Diet Coke send the arm and you like send give it to us and
you drink it so you are it's not really that woo woo or or strange to say you are consciousness
I don't think that is a deeply religious do you ever do you ever have these moods they
never last more than 30 seconds but do you ever be honestly like you're walking around
you go like what if what if I was God what if what if let me finish what if everyone
else was also God yeah you know like and then do you ever like very long are you able to
like keep that crunch going where you like the UPS guy and you're like hello and you're
like like wink wink I get it we're both God that damn that's enlightenment I do you ever
maintain that for more than 15 seconds because UPS guy is bringing some piece of shit and
you're like this isn't what I ordered no I do it in bursts I want a guy on the 10 today
cut me off and he did it in such a dick way and you're like a blue Honda right but that's
what I did I was what else would God drive yeah he's driving his blue Honda and his windows
are down and he really almost hit me as he as he and it was unnecessary and he's got
in front of me and I didn't honk because I'm like I'm trying to build a narrative what
am I what one of my favorite quotes is hate is a lack of imagination so I want to hate
this guy I love that's a lack of that was it it's actually I think it's like a proverb
from a people it's not like a person that's fucking amazing give it a google is a lack
of imagination isn't that beautiful you haven't bothered to think yet about how to not be pissed
off I would I've added to it I think hell is a lack of imagination that's fantastic
that's also that's my little addition to it so this guy so I'm trying really hard to
go that you're that's gone imaginative he's just playing his part free wills and illusion
we're all just operating in the system of synapses and we're just it's just there the
whole all of this is one thing thinking itself and there's that thing there's that part and
now I'm interacting with it and how I react is is my choice or the illusion of my choice
it's up to you so I didn't react but then someone did exactly to him what he just did
to me like cut him off in the exact same way to him or you to him so someone's cutting
off blue car God and Pete God is watching blue car God and that person I'm actually
watching and they're not doing it super aggressively they seem to be doing it more out of need
blue car God honks actually speeds up trying to make a collision it looks like and then
get changes lanes with his windows down and is honking at the person trying to get their
attention to yell at them like fuck you fuck you fuck you and and now I'm trying to box
him in because I don't like blue car God anymore that's all outrage we're like I just was a
good person you're a shitty person the grace that I showed him he didn't have for someone
who just did what he did right but I mean what are we gonna do some gods are assholes
well that's why like like the actual like Zen spot you have to not only it's not about like
it's not about stacking sandbags those will be overcome by the flood you have to actually arrive
at a version of this that is proofed against infinity I actually think it's simpler than that
the brain wants a click moment late like Lego pieces of rationale my ego wants a story that goes
well he's probably late to something and therefore it's justifiable in this like 2018 American
driving etiquette but you have to empathize then no no no you don't have to do any of that in fact
the answer is way beyond your reason and it's beyond your it's trans accept you're like it's
not my job it's not even to think even that's a thought it's trans rational which is one of
my favorite words in the world it doesn't gross it's not rational at all it doesn't require any
effort one of the reasons why people aren't more loving is because it takes all this effort
you have to like be loving but you can actually opt out of the whole game and just go like it
doesn't matter yeah my favorite you talked about Zen my favorite Zen thing is what in this moment
is lacking yeah so I'm telling myself this story about what's fair and what's unfair and who's an
asshole and how he should have learned by how I was nice to him he should be nice to somebody else
when really all of that's over it's just become a story that my brain is telling me that's causing
me suffering what if I can just do nothing not think but surrender and just go and yet here
we are nothing's wrong in this moment nothing's wrong your brain is just telling you stories
that create your suffering what do you think it is about us that makes us then because that seems
so perfectly logical and it would make us all live longer right why are we we're addicted to it
why are it's pleasant because the individual primate well I think it's more dopamine from alarm
in the immediate sense right all right I don't I that's an interesting idea is that you get
rewarded as a monkey for going well it's the huh there's something wrong it's the highs and lows
the the this is rom does he talks about the dark night of the soul is really when you realize
that you're going to lose the highs and the lows of being a part of the human drama yeah
yeah my there my therapist told me she said she said so you may I'm like look I I had a major
corporation accused me of pedophilia they investigated me I I'm like I'm done like I've
gone through all of these things I quit my twitter account but I've got for the last year I've gone
through all these things and I arrived the story with her and she goes so you're happy now and I go
yeah and she's like what what sorry what's that sound and she's like you're gonna walk around for
the next five years and she characterized it as this thing that I keep thinking of she goes
when you get up from a bar and you're you're like where's my phone where are my keys that that's
your relationship with comfort and happiness that the human the human animal as a primate who
survived this long all of our all of our DNA the reason we're here no matter how chill we are
we owe our fucking lives to the amoeba that was panicky that was like we should change
you're fucking a right good enough yet brother no you're absolutely and the and dead men tell no
tales so every fucking chill squirrel yeah gone gone done and every fucking like thing that led to us
it was like like especially us like and youth is like yeah climb a branch cling tight scream at
the top of your lungs right there is a leopard coming right and if you scream it loud enough at
the right time you will get laid yeah like and if you and if you're wrong if you can convince
someone a leopard was coming you'll still get laid like that that we invented like no you're
anxiety and alarm because because of a beautiful thing about our species a beautiful thing which
is we don't want no fucking trouble yeah we don't like that is but the one that could imagine trouble
and then prepare for it the problem is is my therapist always says you know it's a bell curve
you want to have just enough he's like paranoid people are right that that's what he says he's
like you're absolutely right to be paranoid you and this this is his language I hope you're not
offended by it he goes you just don't want to be its bitch that's what he says that's the difference
he's like all of those things that you're worried about could happen that one of the things about
being human is is learning how to like reconcile with that reality and live concurrently you know
the tough thing is though it was like like like so we we wake up every morning we turn on our phones
we have this app and the app says here's everything that happened to every fucking human being across
the planet yes includes everybody so so this is how many 19 year old black men got shot by police
and they didn't deserve it and all these things happen so you get this fire hose to the face
yep and and so the toughest thing of all is you go what you go wait so I'm supposed to do what
and I'm supposed like like and and you get bifurcated at every instance like your your your ego
which should come out of bed fully baked like rising like a beautiful souffle I don't know
anything about cooking this metaphor is bad the souffles aren't for breakfast and that's not
how it works you're just saying you should be you should have this kind of like whole thing and
then and it's like you wake up in the morning and you pull out your phone and your phone is so
and I'm not saying it's a bad thing because we don't want to your phone is now giving you this
information that that you didn't get when you were a fucking regular ass primate yeah which is like
like somewhere right now someone is they just found their children's bones under a doghouse and the
and the justice department says they should go fuck themselves you you have no like Prince
Guatemala like like like had to leave his palace like like and go who's what's with that guy over
there and then the people are like he's got the flu and he's like well then I'm gonna be a religion
like like well get great like I guess hip hop was easier back then too like but
like every 13 year old now that can read the first thing they read is is is actual misery is
happening I don't know what I don't you know so Pete home so what are you gonna do in season four
of crashing but it's it's you know your feed might be misery but the truth is is we could also just
be reading entertainment news we could just be doing Sudoku we could just be reading fiction it
doesn't have to be I'm just saying no no I think what's going on is no we're drawn to it I don't
and I don't mean to imply it's being forced upon us I yeah no I didn't think you were but misery is
one of the avenues that you can choose and and maybe you know I it's good to know what's going
on the world for sure I think what's been perverted is our our we're addicted to thinking we love
thinking and we think thinking about things is important and you're absolutely I think the brain
is taken over our being the human brain is a terminal like you the servants become the master
you get to choose like like basically we're all and it's an addiction and it feels good knowing
everything and no no no we're all choosing an individual level something that actually we
should be proud of right we should forgive ourselves for which is that if if you if you pump all
information about human misery and pleasure into our brain we will over the shoes to focus on the
misery yeah and we will choose to figure out how to react to it the best way we can as children
which is we will swing our toy fire truck at it we'll be like then fuck you that's right I hate
badness and I want goodness I don't want lucky charms I want golden grams right like we we don't
know what else to do we're children as a species what a what a species should be expected to deal
with all that information I agree I actually I would argue that it is certainly partly a bad thing
you know it's hard to talk about because I can't represent everybody in the room and I know a lot
of people would say that you need to know what's going on I tend to opt out of as much of it as I
can all I know is that opting out has led toward my happiness but I'm not so naive as to think
that that means that everybody should opt out that's all I know right now is a 45 year old man that I
I was making myself and other people miserable yeah and that I deleted my Twitter and my Facebook
and that I got happier but I I absolutely keep in mind the fact that this is not that that's not
the third act of a story about being being happy right it might be the first act of a story about
taking responsibility I don't know I but the point I'm trying to make because we all have
social responsibility and we do want to know about young black men being shot which was everybody
come on we all want to know about it well we need to know to keep people accountable it's the new
marmaduke hi Pete Holmes do not endorse that joke but what I'm trying to say is take the misery
addiction out which it can be you're gonna replace most people are gonna replace it with something else
and what I'm arguing for which brings me a lot of contentment not necessarily happiness but a lot
of contentment a lot of equanimity is practicing being and we're getting robbed of that whether it
is from just doing crosswords or reading entertainment news and not any of the serious stuff or any
fucking bullshit or watching mindless endless television this is just feeding your ego feeding
you with anxiety and stress because I think we have an ego addiction as well we want to know who
we are so we can know oh I disagree with you this is why racism is so popular this is why
transphobia is so popular it's my misogyny so popular because we're feeding you're gonna you're
gonna a faster path to find out who you are but not but not if there's articles that say like hey
this transgender bathroom fucking thing happened you're gonna click that faster than it's like
here's everything you've ever not wanted to know about blue whales like there's like all this
information that's what I'm saying you're gonna rush your ego gets a rush going you're like I want
to know who I am I want to know who I am it's it's it's tribalism it's it's a lot it gives a good
feeling of identity even the rage you go well that's fucking bullshit your ego goes here I am
but when I said earlier it seems like we're so far away from it what in this moment is lacking
and I felt like we shared a nice moment of like here we are that's what's missing from equanimity
peace and contentment and joy and bliss and it has very little to do with my fucking phone which I
don't turn on until after breakfast like well done like I'm like like I'm having these crazy dreams
lately because I'm spending way more time on my screen than I ever have and it's fucking me up
like during the night and having like terrible like weird dreams but like going on stage and doing
comedy yeah you know what I call looking at Instagram before I go to bed casting my dream
exactly it's fucking bullshit do you realize how every primitive culture what a value they put
on your dreams and what a glimpse into your subconscious and meaning they were and now I'm
dreaming about fucking an episode of 24 we can you imagine our humanity you had like like yeah
they'd be like I was thinking about that today you gave one like primitive person a phone of
course they'd look at it it's not your friend I'm sorry I took over no that's you that's where it's
not your friend it's where I was going while you're here but like like people like ask me like
do you get nervous when you walk on stage I'm like that's the least nervous I ever am because
that's the most present I am that's right I'm walking look at us none of us are looking at her
phones it's fucking great yeah like it's like like being in a room full of people and like getting
the the call and response of talking and laughter or the silence of thoughts and stuff like that like
that's that's the most pure thing of my day and then you walk off stage and you're like oh
that's right what are they saying about it and who fucking cares who gives a stupid dude we've
figured out we've all sort of woke up about food at least a lot of us have that a lot of food is
made by corporations that don't care about you that just want to make you addicted to food that
seemed to like be something right around supersize me we're like oh they just want to make you want
more of it so you just buy more of it it's just capitalism right we're starting to figure out
the same thing about your phone that the colors on your phone trigger things in your brain that
make you like seriously addicted to it because those were colors that were important to your
survival red doesn't belong in that way in fucking snapchat it's making something happen in your brain
that was designed to keep you alive and it's the manipulation of that in the same way that msg is
addictive or sugar is addicted these colors and but there's a part of it like everything that
tastes good though there's a part of it that works really well I mean the advent of smartphones
and everyone being connected the dropping of shame veils the idea that you could be in Iowa and
talk to somebody someone in Wyoming means that like trans people gay people yeah that's right but
that that that you you nerds like like who can propel marvel empires to empire status like
everyone it can suddenly just go like hey fuck fuck with the 150 jackoffs at my accounting
company think I I live in the real world which is on my phone which is the more real than I
understand hall which says that actually I think Robert Downey Jr. is a great choice for Tony Stark
and I fucking sign off on that and I upvote it and you feel vindicated it's Billy Elliot in your
pocket and then it has this horrible like downside which is like also across town in a basement all
the Nazis going like hey oh shit I'm not the only 38 year old virgin uh fuck Jews swipe right like
hating Jews oh I love I love hating Jews too and everyone the shame barrier drops and you got a
bunch of human brains going like I'm not ashamed I love my voice I'm talking now right but but I
I feel I would argue you can do all of that with your phone on grayscale though oh yes yes
yes no I know that which is an option it's very easy to do it's under accessibility and you can
make it a triple click shortcut if you want to use your map or something that you think requires
color my phone's on I have a lot of p-tips to get off your phone I've and color is a huge one it
does drain your battery a little bit go to p-tips do you go to p-tips.net full color page explaining
I'm nothing but a supporter of p-tips but I also look at myself at 45 I feel like the reason I'm
into p-tips uh is not because I'm a I'm enlightened it's because I actually like I feel beaten and
like I'm like I feel like the onion knight in game of thrones like I'm like I he cut my fingers off
I'm cool like like like that and so I want I feel pity for the average 19 year old out there it's
like now these old enlightened people telling me turn on grayscale yeah do that later do I did that
when I was 38 okay you know what I mean great but I got it but you got to be somebody before you
can be nobody but the yeah that's that's by being somebody we mean being part of the board cube
that's the yeah exactly yeah like I'm not gonna raise my daughter to be fuck that be like me from
the beginning when are you gonna when are you gonna when are you gonna I was in my basement
playing fucking Sega CD 12 hours a day that's all part of it it's not a flaw leaving the village
to come back to the village isn't a flaw that's what makes that's what gives life a pulse you
have to have that you have to have your fuck up period I'm grateful for it yeah I don't know if
I'm gonna I don't that's the biggest thing about me when I think about having kids I'm like I don't
know I because I wouldn't know when to let the kids start touching a fucking black mirror
like how are you watching black mirror I like when do you because I go out with friends and
they're like there are good parents and bad parents none of my business like I like there's
some people they just go their kids sitting there and they're like I'll have the omelet and their
kids like pepper pig pot and some of the parents go like you're being a little piece of shit and
you need to fucking like like chill out because we're and I recognize that because I that's my
upbringing right like like I have all his anxiety because my mom would be like you don't talk like
that and target and like in this new store target it makes me well behaved but does it make me a
misogynist does it mean who knows like and then these like you can hand the kid a fucking black
tablet and go like watch your fucking pepper pig and then I watch parents go like like the kids
like two years old with their grubby greasy disgusting little fucking crayon fingers they go
like they they their brains aren't formed it's an abomination to me like I watch with my other
eye ago like you should totally have kids I'm sorry I I'm enjoying this conversation about the
whether the house won the election but I couldn't have but noticed that you're disgusting larva child
is in spite of having no linguistic or mode motility like like that their finger is like
fucking like knows how to tap and swipe and like like yeah have you seen this like the parents are
like they go like no Danny no because Danny knows how to swipe and tap and turn the volume back up
and the parents are like what did I fucking tell you I give you the iPad the whole point I told you
to watch it on mute and the kids like they got broccoli hanging on their face they don't have
language yet and it's like if they keep talking like the cops could come in and go like sir you
can't talk to a baby like that and they're like well I'm just trying to he knows what he's doing
and then they like start talking to the babies like they fucking know how to airplay like more
than adults do you haven't seen that yeah I've seen that like like these babies but my my girlfriend's
sister it's like she's one of those limited screen time you don't what are you gonna do you have a
two month old kid what are you gonna do yeah I'm not an authority you're gonna play it by ear you
fucking cocksucker no you're gonna raise a serial killer no I val val and I feel really really
stupid when we say like what we're definitely gonna do I'll tell you that we have a strong
preference that the child will not look at a screen I've heard six until they're after six or
whatever I'd like to see if we can go uh long to 18 would be Jesus Christ how about how about
like sequester them see how they would vote cliffhanger what all right come on
all right thank you so much everybody for coming it's a two hour show I guess we just went we just
talked for two hours that's what it means that was only two hours
haha will you please give it up all the way for Pete home thank you very much
you can check it out you made it weird dirty clean premieres on HBO Saturday December 15th
at season three of crashing return Sunday January 20th is that correct that is right
Pete motherfucking homes everybody thank you thank you to Zach also uh Zach just told me a lot of
the beats that you hear that we play on the show that we play pre-streamed by a band called
paradox by parallel go by their record they're awesome and uh also I want to thank this personally
a guy named Cameron Drake from NYC who gave me an awesome book called I was Ramir and
I'm beautiful DVDs thank you just giving it for uh for Zach for church Nolan Chris Levy
Brendan everybody here at dynasty typewriter
your game master with a Spencer Crittenden
I'm your comptroller Jeff Davis your mayor's Dan Harmon
oh dry fast and take chances
oh
did you get any of that